[Music]
shadow's
falling baby we stand alone
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
hey barb yes star you know what i just
love what
movie trailers me too i like how they're
little movies about another movie before
a different movie
sometimes i find myself watching a
trailer for a movie while i'm watching a
totally different movie
too barb what if we had a movie what
then we'd have to have a trailer oh yes
listen i wouldn't want to give anything
away though about the movie
me neither especially our faces gosh i
can almost see
our trailer now
[Music]
yes
[Applause]
[Music]
oh i'd love it if it came out february
12th gosh i love that date
i'm 23 years old and
sometimes i wonder if life was wasted on
me
[Music]
i take all the beautiful things to heart
until i about die from it
[Music]
hey i'm really happy you're here why is
that
because i like you but there never seems
to be enough times
i joined the army why would you do that
sometimes i feel like i've already seen
everything that's gonna happen
and it's a nightmare
[Music]
my one true accomplishment was not dying
i have this noise in my head it'll stop
one day it'll go quiet i don't imagine
that anyone goes in for a robbery if
they're not in some kind of desperation
i've been at this a while now and it's
no secret what my face looks like
[Music]
get on the ground one thing about
robbing banks is you're mostly robbing
women so the last thing you want to be
is rude
ma'am it's nothing personal
you're gonna make it through this i love
you
can you look back to when you met the
one you loved the most
remember exactly how it was
what you saw in her that made you say
yes this is what i came here for
sometimes i feel like i've already seen
everything that's gonna happen
and it's a nightmare
this is your captain welcoming you to
flight flight227
off we go
you ready to give it a go i can't
remember how to do this
there's nothing to crash into up here
is having a heart attack
ah
[Music]
what are we gonna do please come in this
is an emergency we have no pilot
we're lost how much fuel do we have
we have no autopilot no gps neither of
us can land a plane
it's gonna be okay hold on
that was amazing what you just did
stupid but so amazing
i wanted i want to share something with
you
like the masses i wasn't all
when i first laid eyes on all the things
you are
[Music]
i heard that speech i knew we make noise
i just thought it'd be in the streets
the black panthers are the single
greatest threat to our national security
our counterintelligence program must
prevent the rise of a black messiah
you're looking at 18 months for the
stolen car
five years for impersonating a federal
officer
or you can go home what do you want
get close to hampton the black panthers
are forming a rainbow coalition of
oppressed brothers and sisters of every
color
neutralize him by any means necessary
[Music]
america's on fire right now
and until that fire is extinguished
nothing else means a damn thing imagine
what we could accomplish together
we can heal this whole city you ain't
telling me it was gonna be like this
these ain't no terrors we got a rat man
does anybody else know about me no one
knows your identity are you sure
we educate we nurture we feed
and we lobby perhaps we're here for more
than just wall
with these bodies we scream
and we shout and we live by this anthem
but it's power to the people really
[Music]
when i dedicated my life to people i
didn't get my life
you get to go out there and talk about
dying of revolutionary death
because you don't have another person
growing inside your body
anyway there's people it's power
[Music]
good morning miss peterson i'm sorry to
disturb you so early
the court has ruled that you require
assistance in taking care of yourself
i'm fine i'm afraid it's not up to you
to decide
the court has appointed me to be your
legal guardian what
you have to come with me and remember
i'm here to help my name
is marla grayson i'm just someone who
cares
[Music]
marla grayson you've had amazing success
what's your secret there is no secret
peter she forces them into the home
auctions off their house and uses the
proceeds to pay herself
because caring is my job
i will grab your dick and balls and i
will rip
them clean off
[Music]
big deal i know what you do here
your hustle look at all these cash cows
on your wall
just leaking money into your account
jennifer peterson she's off limits she
has very powerful
friends who can make life uncomfortable
for you
how uncomfortable are we talking
[Music]
i love martha grace i don't like you
yoni just met me there's two types of
people in this world
predators and prey
i don't lose i won't lose
i'm never letting you go oh
[Music]
you're in trouble now
i am a lioness
[Music]
growing up in a religious town like ours
sins were dreaded
even feared you and your little posse
are parading around school calling
yourselves the seven deadly sins
from now on you will walk in the path of
the lord
once people started calling us the sins
everything changed
ladies it's time we take our sins
to the next level psalmist spirit
what's going on this is a devil chant
he wants to meet you he wants you to say
his name
aubrey miller she went missing last
night we're all in this together okay
satan trembles when he sees god face to
face
they are asking for trouble with that
behavior
stop
i'm going insane
we are so tired of being good little
girls
don't you want to be bad for once in
your life
[Music]
you eating yeah
what do you do i lend people money
there's a lot of foolish people think
they can take advantage of you
things get ugly
it's nothing personal just strictly
business
may i remind you that these evaluations
are part of your parole requirements
i mean how's she doing
she's trying to guess what's she up to
are you in some kind of trouble
i owe some money for some big drug lord
you better hurry up your actual
psychopaths who enjoy killing and
torturing me
give me my money i cannot pay you i said
give me my money
you want to blame someone
glenda wants to put the drugs in her
hand
girl she's got left
just get the next page
this is your last chance
when your clock's punched
your clock's punched
you're doing them
don't you know who this is
she was thinking of something more
special i'm downright flashy you know
ladies and gentlemen miss billy holliday
reporters keep asking me really why you
do the things you do
this is what i tell them i love
me we love you why not
take care the naacp says billy holliday
is the voice of our
people i think we should integrate the
audience with this show let's change it
up a little bit you know blacks and
whites sitting together
[Music]
you know what you're getting yourself
into when you decide to come on the road
get out my goddamn i'm close
i'm gonna take everything except your
bra and your name
which one of my songs is your favorite
song strange fruit
it's a song about important things you
know things that are going on in the
country
this holiday woman's causing a lot of
people to think the wrong things
it's a starting gun for this so-called
civil rights movement those lyrics
provoke people y'all got a plan she's a
drug addict
exactly i cut strange
fruit i want to sing the damn song it's
for your own good okay
i said what the i want
[Music]
clubs no money no nothing you gotta
understand baby right now i'm in a
situation look you said we could beat
this building i need some now
blood on the leaves you're like a hammer
come right back and it hit harder than
before
he's singing it for all of us ain't no
other negro stop bold enough to do it
black bodies swinging i'm being followed
i'm not gonna count
[Music]
she's made something of herself and you
can't take it because she's strong
beautiful and black
strange
from the public trees
you think i'm gonna stop singing that
song you grandkids will be singing
strange fruit have a picture in my head
of a place
i don't know if it's real
[Music]
but it has a feeling and the feeling's
real
hi my love hi dad i wanted to talk to
you about my graduation
i'm going to be there in the bleachers
i'm going to see you in your let me let
me how about i call you back
taking the day off in here the boss
wants to see you
got a whiskey double you're real
sorry i want to show you something
really cool
you see all these people outside they're
not real
this is a simulation
you ready
there's my guy welcome home this place
is
overwhelming dr isabelle clemens
pioneered
brain box simulations ugly simulated
worlds to generate appreciation for the
real world
why am i not remembering any of this
don't worry about it
most people say ignorance is please
but i say you have to experience the
good
[Music]
so appreciate that
you know the other way around sex
i'm glad i caught you a word on the
street there have been problems with
isabella's research
i'm a little disoriented you're my guy
graduation i did not forget it's been a
crazy few days
i graduated two weeks ago ignore her
she's not real
she feels real
i'm scared your head's not on straight
it's almost like a trick being played
greg this is really bad so how do we fix
it
one of these days you're going to have
to choose
between these worlds
it's amazing how easy
humans can get used to even something
spectacular
you're strong you are important
[Music]
what happened someone destroyed my house
where's carl i think someone took him
who would say call
sue local banker carl buttons
abducted from his home in what appears
to be a violent struggle hey vic carl's
in trouble turn on channel 2 news
is there anything you want to say to the
people i know you're out there
carl i know i'll see you again
[Music]
oh they kidnapped my brother should
i get my gun
i'll get my gun mrs buttons usually in a
missing person case people call the
police before they called the media
carl's such a sweet man why would anyone
take him
this is a photo of me and carl in case
you need it for all the
press conferences can you think of
someone who might want to harm your
brother nope
oh dear no no
people don't fear you i can't trust you
to handle my business if people don't
fear you
oh i shoot you in the face with this gun
that's my vagina you're gonna shoot me
in the vagina no i respect that area
it's not nice to point guns at people
paul isn't the guy who gets kidnapped
he's the guy
runs off on his wife if this whole
kidnapping thing is fake
you need to come clean so if you did
something
i can help you are you afraid what
yes
i am strong not enough you got a body i
am
don't you think so i think so too
it's been a weekend of horror in yuba
county a weekend of chaos and loss
can you uh not kill my vibe it's a good
day don't you think it's a good day
i've done nothing wrong i just want my
husband back
i swear these white are crazy
[Applause]
named him the hip nip but he hung on
because now all of a sudden he had an
angle he would
tend to do the same show over again
and then he couldn't figure out why he
wasn't getting laughs i don't think he
paid much attention to
the rules of the game you know he kind
of did what he wanted to do
he really embraced the things that many
of us run away from
he ran to it he opened for victim owned
connie stevens and
red fox who put him on his show he was
just a
lovely lovely man pat went on and became
a huge star
and he created one of the iconic
characters
in american cinema one thing i learned
with comics is they were actually some
of the most unhappy
tortured people and their comedy comes
from pain
i mean he was in a cast for like nine
years from his knees to like his
neck for his childhood the day he gets
out
he walks into a war
he had a lot of inner demons he
struggled a lot with depression and he
was drinking too much
thinking he was doing too much drugs he
was drinking so much that i went to the
lime producer and said i'm scared
to death he's going to fall off a cliff
and he was stumbling and
he fell flat on his face
that was when it really really hit home
and he realized
i've got a big problem
that entire chapter of my life changed
me
forever
they said this wall would be over in the
blink of an eye
what do we do when this war is over like
everyone
else we'll jump on the bandwagon
it's a mobile battalion
[Music]
who are you victor ludd your father
knows who i am
come along this side slowly don't look
down
[Music]
i'm the one who decides what's right or
wrong around here
we'll soon be moving into yankee
territory even
where by the river she looked deranged
sell horses
i've been waiting for you i know this
thing between us isn't over
what happened this is all his fault
he dragged us into this stay here
anyone comes in here shut yourselves
inside
he's coming with me esther he doesn't
want you anymore
[Music]
you